
Skip to main content
John Jay College of Criminal Justice logo
(opens in new window)
Donate now
Apply now

    Home
    Student Life
    Center for Student Involvement & Leadership
    Activities & Events

Flyer for CSIL Trailblazers
Trailblazers Leadership Program

Bloodhound Trailblazers Leadership Series: This series is designed for incoming students who would like to advance their leadership skills and begin learning more about themselves.
Sign Up Here (opens in new window)
Flye for the Men of Color Leadership Series
Men of Color Leadership Series

The Men’s Leadership series will offer a safe and brave community for Men of Color and provide opportunities for participants to network and connect with professional mentors, including faculty, staff and alumni, and like-minded peers while exploring the topic of leadership. 
Sign Up Here (opens in new window)
Flyer for Virtual Readiness Series
Virtual Readiness Series

The Boss in You- Readiness Series: (Career and Leadership): This program is targeted to juniors and seniors who want to strengthen their skill set and prepare them for life after college.
Sign Up Here (opens in new window)
2023 Halloween Fashion Show
Halloween Fashion Show

Show off your best Halloween costume at the annual CSIL Halloween Fashion Show!
Sign Up Here (opens in new window)

Air it Out: Air it Out tackles diversity topics displayed in movies and tv shows. Students get to discuss stereotypes and other issues displayed on screen and how this impacts our perceptions and biases we have against each other.

Celebratory Days: Who comes up with National Hot Dog Day? Not us, that's for sure - but that doesn't stop us from celebrating it! Every semester, we pick silly celebratory days to commemorate, and they're all free to John Jay students. These one-off events are the easiest way to create a community on campus.

CSIL Awards: Every Spring, we recognize our student leaders during our annual CSIL Awards for all of the hard work they put forth during the academic year. We also welcome in the new student executives, and give new and old a chance to connect and network.

Gaypril: Every April we celebrate Gaypril along with our LGBTQ+ Resource Center: an entire month dedicated to the LGBTQIA+ community at John Jay and abroad. Events include Gay Bingo, LGBTQ social circles, and sometimes even full drag shows! Collaborators include the Wellness Center, the Womxn's Center for Gender Justice, and the LBGTQ+ & Allies club.

Heritage Months: Latinx Heritage Month, Womxn's Herstory Month, APIDA Heritage Month, Black History Month, and more! We strive to celebrate all walks of life within the office with our heritage month programming as an effort to support the wonderful diversity that our students' cultures have to offer.

Involvement Fair: The Involvement Fair provides first-year, transfer, and returning students an opportunity to join student organizations at John Jay. Students get to meet with and talk with student executives about their plans for the semester, as well as when their events are being planned and how to get involved. We offer this at the beginning of both the Fall and the Spring!

Jay-Fit: Jay-Fit is a passport wellness program that encourages students to stay active and eat well. We offer free fitness classes including circuit training, Zumba, biking, kickboxing, and so many more!

LIDS Symposium: LIDS is an off-campus, weekend retreat experience tailored to John Jay students who wish to expand their already-growing leadership skills and qualities. LIDS focuses on four pillars including leadership, integrity, diversity and service.

Trailblazers Leadership: Trailblazers allows students a chance to explore and learn more about their leadership style and skills through a variety of different workshops and hands-on activities. Students will be able to learn the importance of leadership and the different ways to be a leader on and off-campus. Students will also have an opportunity to learn leadership theory and leadership styles through workshop format and group discussion.
Contact Us

Room L69.00NB
524 West 59th Street
New York, NY 10019 
P: 212-237-8698
E: CSIL@jjay.cuny.edu
﻿
Be a fierce advocate for justice
Learn more
John Jay College of Criminal Justice logo

Educating for justice
The City University of New York (opens in new window)
John Jay map location
John Jay College map

524 West 59th Street

New York, NY 10019

Main 212.237.8000
Undergraduate Admissions

admissions@jjay.cuny.edu

212-237-8869
Graduate Admissions

graduateadmissions@jjay.cuny.edu

212.237.8863

 
Powered by
© 2026 John Jay College of Criminal Justice
Additional links

    Report a Website Issue (opens in new window)
    Website, Guest Speaker & Social Media Policies
    Student Consumer Information
    Annual Security Report
    Contact Us

(opens in new window)
(opens in new window)
(opens in new window)
(opens in new window)
